Release 0.5.0 changelog (#322)
js-temporal/temporal-polyfill: CHANGELOG.md

  - In `Temporal.Duration.prototype.round()`, rounding to a >1 increment of a calendar `smallestUnit` while simultaneously balancing to a calendar `largestUnit` is now disallowed and will throw ([Proposal PR](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-temporal/pull/2916))
  - Creating a `Temporal.MonthDay` in a non-ISO8601 calendar will now throw if the year is too far (>¼ million years) in the future or past ([Proposal PR](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-temporal/pull/3054))

Bug fixes:

- Fixed several bugs in duration calculations, particularly rounding ([Proposal PR 1](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-temporal/pull/2571), [PR 2](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-temporal/pull/2758), [PR 3](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-temporal/pull/2759), [PR 4](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-temporal/pull/2797), [PR 5](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-temporal/pull/2810))
- Fixed a bug in start-of-day calculations ([Proposal PR](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-temporal/pull/2918))
- Many small bug fixes to bring the polyfill into better compliance with the Temporal proposal

Non-breaking changes

- Many improvements in performance and bundle size

> - Update various dependencies
> - Remove runtime dependency on tslib

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove runtime dependency on tslib. Now this package has only one runtime dependency: JSBI (a polyfill for `BigInt`)
- Update dev dependencies
```

> - Support Node 20.x and test it in CI

Author: → #323
